# Deep-Learning-Handbook
A series of modules meant to assist in learning different areas of deep learning through interactive tutorials. 

The purpose of this supplemental learning guide is to assist the student in comprehending concepts taught in the artificial intelligence course and to engage the student in common best practices in the field of AI. The proposed handguide will follow a module based approach. This design is focused towards engaging the students interactively with the concepts they are learning throughout the course while also progressively improving their skills in using those concepts towards producing small projects.
The learning material will be organized into a series of overarching units which hold several modules in each. Each unit covers a larger topic in artificial intelligence / programming and each module guides the student to explore the topic through a small project. The modules will increase in complexity as the student progresses. The modules are not meant to serve as another exam and overwhelm the student but instead help the student apply new concepts to an actual goal. One objective for the handguide will be to direct the student to advantageous resources commonly used by others in the field of AI. This handguide Encourages cooperative learning so each student can learn from one another throughout completing the modules as well as introduces platforms and software that makes team collaboration easier without the need to meet in person. 
#

Another major objective of the material will be to challenge the student to adapt to their task at hand and to boast the use of the newer concepts to achieve the solution more efficiently. In programming, machine learning and deep learning there are many ways to come to one solution and the methods used in the fields are evolving very rapidly. For this reason, towards the last unit of the handguide the structure of the modules will be more open to the student in exploring a solution. Each module will become less step by step oriented and more of a guide for what general direction the student should work toward (including hints to the answer to help struggling students). This change allows the student to explore the newest innovations in the field that may make the previous methods obsolete, while at the same time using the previous modules as a basis of understanding these new concepts. 

